Initial API proposal for QoS Booking API (#5)
camaraproject/QoSBooking: README.md

## Scope

* Service API(s) “QoSBooking” (see APIBacklog.md) 

> * The API(s) provide(s) the API consumer with the ability to:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The API provides the API consumer with the ability to:  
```

There is currently only a single API. The suggestion simplifies the reading of the sentence.
